ones know a person who is not
spiritual understanding to understand that
languages ​​is part of you and that you
need to look at languages ​​because this is a
means of communication is the perfect prayer
where the holy spirit was all of God
to thee and to transmit your
spirit if you do not understand that
Languages behind what God thinks His
respect what languages you give
What Jesus is and shot but you still
is arrested
if you do not understand which languages ​​you build
You and you build duck to the call.
if you do not understand which languages ​​will
make you understand what you've been
called to do where you have to okay
the city ​​you have to ministry
that you should follow where you have to
treading languages ​​builds or brings
clarity for you and I told you
He is truly a cimi missionary .
only appeared in your head but it is not in the
heart if you're on the right call
if you really have call
preaching your desire to be here
behind the audience and just because you think
that this is fame if languages ​​really get
this if your call really is what
God said you have to be a language.
will bring clarity to the prayer languages ​​will
to build your life affirms
your life in the direction and ministry
ministry in the ministry that you
was called to develop
whether the reconciliation of the
help be in praise
the 52 ministries that are
involved the preaching of the word one
apostle prophet a master one
evangelist a pastor does not matter
you will only know and have decisions is not
because someone about him says you are
This is you, it's not nobody's going
choose the ministry you're going to walk
You'll know from God what God will give you.
called to do when you do not
give in to the meat and start living more in
languages up in the morning and if Rocco
give the bar the raba has no word in
Portuguese because why is linked to
your flesh does not have to be light or
Portuguese should
but no words are tired
experienced in tongues you will see that
is not connected to your flesh you go
to a dimension that he says does not
is connected what you feel what you
think that if you feel like it or you do not have it
You look in tongues and you will
modifying if building there are things
that are being built and
transferred to your spirit that
You no longer know the holy spirit that
intercede for you that moans on you
this same holy spirit was with the
father seeing his perfect plan for you
life seeing things about his
Call is something you do not even know
when you decided on languages ​​and he
start downloading is what I have
for you that's what I want for you
start putting things in you that you
I did not even know you were going to do it because
because it does infinitely beyond
What do you think Dani does besides you?
He asks me, does he do more?
he transfers more you are not
thinking about it but it brings the
supernatural and speech is here that I
I want a son suddenly appears
conviction a brand an image and you
Say that God wants me to do such a thing.
why did it come because that
tribute to the soul that tribute to the mind
was transferred from his spirit to your
own spirit why the text
says he truly is the son of God
those who are created by God because
Son of God, do not sin
way you do not sin the way you
you do not be and the meat is you do the
things from above the things of the spirit and
languages are all about the spirit
never been strong in 12 years of conversion
you never lived a life of
concentration and dedication to prayer
tongues alive falling lives slipping
alive and in the flesh is because
area that team is better
powered is better equipped but
Hire Dearest Best Players
of the skies languages comes the confession of the
word come come meditation come
I am spirit we are believers my brother
you have to be the man the woman who
but he has gained in tongues your generation
more freed word about the life of
people who meditated more on the word than
more lived a life of holiness
people tried
for you to see the plan of god speaks
Look what excellence God exists
Comrade shines where he steps, he thrives.
he arrived here he says he was bankrupt
now has client for dell has a
explanation take the man side car if he
had he interpreted
dreams when that people would pass through
hunger and need but because of
man a turning ones dedicated to life
in God that people had to the point of
to sell to other people know
because
why there is someone consecrated within
of a prison may have been in prisons
for years it does not matter if you've walked in
prison
God can take from there if you dedicate yourself
to the things of the spirit and then when you
get out of there people will come and touch
you and pick up from you will learn from
you will be influenced by you and
maybe and I said I'm stuck in a box
locked in four walls stay
quiet
speaking in tongues your wings will start
to grow down in a moment not
will give more that will hit the ground if
will open when you open you will see
the size there my brother turn the wind that
will make you fly supernaturally and
You'll get where God has for you.
hallelujah will you go these houses will grow
and will grow is those four planets
who is worried about showing who
You are without saying who you are.
I get there at work I'm a
It will arrive an hour when they will
get on the train
people will fall you will enter the
metro people say it was jesus eu
I want to, I do not want to believe that, it's not
I'm going to tell you these testimonies, but enough
a time that you will stop near a
Man why did God put me here?
Paralytic river look at you will look
to him and you 're going to say I have silver
in norak, only on the bank, it's full, I do not
I have silver and gold
but what I have of pain in the name of
jesus levante walks miracles
extraordinary brothers will happen
when you look in tongues to devote yourself to
prayer language
if god is building is counting on you
to operate these things
I hope in someone more holy than you
what is the prophet the shepherd the master
evangelists who will come will operate the
extraordinary miracles god is
saying all things are possible to him who believes the
signs followed those who believe my name
You're casting out demons on my behalf.
You will heal people on my behalf.
You're going to make do and do miracles.
will happen say amen all the gifts of
Darling power is available to you
now they operate when God wants to
what time he wants it the way he wants it
they are not yours but god uses you
Now you need to find yourself free.
available and this is what we
Let's get inside this church.
We're teaching this so that you
understand and not strange when these
miracles begin to happen have
happened in the lives of some and will
much more multiplications happen
supernatural extraordinary healings
miracles and miracles because we put
on the blackboard we are talking about this is part
but there is a life of holiness for
Behind it all, dear ones, and God can
tell
there is a seriousness a purpose